Remove `Site` and `Region` references from core docs. (#4058)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/platform-functionality/rest-api/filtering.md

### Filtering by Custom Field

> To filter results by a custom field value, prepend `cf_` to the custom field name. For example, the following query will return only locations where a custom field named `foo` is equal to 123:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To filter results by a custom field value, prepend `cf_` to the custom field key. For example, the following query will return only locations where a custom field with key `foo` is equal to 123:
```
